also being here are some ancient us
which we don't share a video perhaps
chinese
and those
the breeder for the ebooks
these are all custom mazes apps yes
we also store because rising also to the
coast or as my campaign and we have some
more wives are the content types my
cavalry so I support life that video you
can about your web and your students
wing and also the web sure is p 0
I'll show you my friend
PC at home and play local show the video
they just came in as its demo showing so
now why go with the i go with nvidia for
the larger device but qualcomm for the
smaller device as opposed to one gives
out yes as very good question and
considering the last thing there's a
reportage social will reach the Wi-Fi
only and also the biggest employer is
very good for the gaming and multimedia
so we chose remediation workbook me too
but we say seven we think though the
phone function is very quite important
and also it's very compact size the
perfect solution gets better than the
combined with the communication or the
slices
ok